Level 1 - "Alaska"
  You make a house from stone and wood, while snowing.

Level 2 - "Masonry"
  You make a little fireplace out of stone and make some patterns
  on the stone. (Not on the desired. This teaches you not to copy)

Level 3 - "Conversion"
  You make a glass sculpture by taking sand and converting it to
  glass using a furnace. After that you pour the glass down to make
  a simple glass sculpture.

Level 4 - "Remainder"
  You convert the smoke coming out from a factory into usable
  material, place it using the placer, then carve out a pattern.
  Steam -> Water -> Ice
  Sculpture: https://pixnio.com/free-images/2019/09/07/2019-09-07-12-08-15.jpg

Level 5 - "Carbon Copy"
  There's a very well-made sculpture (made out of marble) on the
  inspiration, and you have to use the dirt and stone to create
  something as close to it as possible-- it would be impossible to
  create something good, so the title is sarcastic.
  The sculpture is of a dolphin / swan / bird.

Level 6 - "Metamorphosis"
  You start with a completed painting / scene, and you need to strip
  down its parts into something completely different- the highlight
  outline for what you need to create is comically different to
  what you're seeing. Figure reaching for something.

Level 7 - "Procedure Lullaby"
  You start with a nature setting- a house (made of stone), some
  gravel, and a pond of water next to the house. You break all these
  up and process them; you see a new recipe where you can mix the
  liquid + gravel to make concrete. It pours out of your placer, and
  fills the space given that you set up stone boundaries. All that to
  make, albiet a perfect, concrete block.
  Lullaby - Innocence of spending this much time to do something
            incredibly unimportant in hindsight.

Level 8 - "Polished Turd"
  (Low resolution)

  The same well-made sculpture from level 5 is back, but you now have
  more tools. You have a bunch of dirt in a little scene, and you
  smelt it to get coal. You then smelt this at very high heat (the
  furnace has a hard fucking time) then you get your diamond. You
  place it using the placer (shaving cream) and chisel out the
  excess. The shape itself is relatively complex, but not fucking
  crazy (it's in low res to make it easier on the player). You do your
  best, but make it impossible to get right [also the diamond is not
  as good as the other one] The title can be interpreted as a cynical
  attitute towards the piece you made since, yeah, it's not that good,
  but you think it's horrible. Or, it can be interpreted as converting
  literal dirt into diamond.

Level 9 - "Showpiece"
  You start with coal, cobblestone, dirt, and trees, and you need to
  turn them, respectively, into diamond, quartz, and wood. The dirt
  is destroyed. You make this into a shape of an orb, with hands
  holding it. All the materials are used- diamond & quartz for the
  orb and wood for the hands.

Level 10 - "Glass Body"
  You are shown a very nice sculpture of complete glass, of a body
  with lots of curves-- lots of work. Multiple materials in layers,
  symbolising how "deep" the work would be. You start with a whole
  heap of sand. So, you get to work converting sand to glass using the
  furnace. It comes out in batches, so you get some, place some,
  chisel some, and repeat. At some point the furnace breaks down after
  heating up however, limiting the output to 1 glass cell per minute
  or so.  This represents your willpower returning to 0; the crushing
  reality that you won't be able to finish. You submit to finishing
  the sculpture half-finished, and the camera pans in 3D space,
  showing how flat the sculpture is in space, until it completely
  disappears.
  Note: the furnace overheating and stopping work is shown to have
        happened in previous levels, but it wasn't an issue since
        there wasn't much else material to use after it broke.
  Note2: The name "Glass Body" represents the innate nature of this
         project, that it *will* fail, and it is brittle, due to my
         unskillfulness and too much ambition.
  Note3: Maybe "Brittle Body" would be a better name.
  Note4: The furnace overheating is a dumb idea and instead the way
         the level gets you to stop working is just by making sure
         there isn't enough material in the level to finish it.

The pieces you're meant to replicate represent your own ideas for what
you want to make, not societal expectations.
