mhe dialogue is supposed to be an internal monologue; not a
manifestation of society or whatever. This is all internal.

The orb represents a goal, unreachable. It means "SUCCESS", but coming
only from a wrong definition. It also represents Mavien, the game.

Stick to direct stuff for the narrative. Don't make a separate
story that has allegories to the sculpture-making aspect. The
sculpture-making aspect is ALREADY an allegory for my personal
story of creating games.

Use wordplay to get the point of insp -> ideas -> art. "Chiseling"
down until you get the final piece.

Rising action -> Start with single pleasures of learning, creationing,
daydreaming of the sculptures. Move towards jealousy & ego.

Try to portray the heartbreak of having to stop a project. Put it in
the dialogue before the level where it happens first. Showcase
the delusion of yourself, thinking it is possible.

All of that delusion is because of a baseline thing of needing to
make something great, extremely different, massive. *But you're
only one person.*

Put these things in as little words as possible, and put it to a
named character in different situations.

------------------------------------------------------------

Level 1:

A curious object spots you in the corner of your eye-
A square block of stone, alongside were chisels.
Something sparked inside you, igniting a flame previously dormant.
You always were fascinated by them- the sculptures.
Worlds of detail contained within the same block,
waiting to be revealed.
Interested, you inch towards the odd thing.
Your eyes widen, like they've never before.

Level 2:

Your heart pulsing with simple joy, you quickly begin thinking.
What should you create next? What shapes call to you?
Of course, the first thing that came to mind was a human figure.
Wondrous minutes went by, daydreaming fantastical possibilities.
No, you must temper your expectations, and your ambitions.
Your eyes gaze to the fireplace, and it stares back, knowingly.

Level 3:

Nothing is created in a vacuum.
The remains of other things in our minds coalesce, forming new things.
At first, a hazy fog of inspiration, nudging us forward.
Then, precipitating into nuggets of ideas.
Finally, the ideas themselves coalesce, hardening into reality,
and chiseling away the roughness, the imperfections.

Level 4:

You think about some of the other sculptures you saw as a kid.
In meuseums, they always enraptured you in their brilliance,
always wondering how they did it...
Suddenly, an idea captures you.
Completely infatuated, you fantasise, adding onto it-
A figure, in all black, reaching out symbolically.
Such sophistication!
Trusting your audience with their own interpretations...
It's perfect.

Level 5:

Sometimes things don't go according to your plan.
Ideas must change, and ambitions must be tempered.
Although you'd feel heartbreak for the loss of a brilliant idea,
it must be done, or nothing will be done.
No matter how obvious it might be you aren't able to create it,
your self-delusion always comes back to bite you.

Level 6:

You think about some of the other sculptures you saw as a kid.
In meuseums, they always enraptured you.
always wondering how they did it.
... Suddenly, an idea captures you for a new sculpture.
Completely infatuated, you fantasise, adding onto it.
Such sophistication!
It's perfect.
...
You begin thinking about this more deeply:
A small idea, that comes from your interpretation of other works.
Adding onto and processing it into something clearly inspired,
but nevertheless clearly different.

--------------------------------------------------------------

At the ending, after the Brittle Body collapses, the narrator goes:

"What have you made that allows you to think you could create something like that?"

(then it flips through each level with captions)
   "the bare essentials?"             (shows the first few levels)
   "Some pretentiousness?"            (show a level that looks like modern art)
   "Some garbage?"                    (show the garbage level)
   "Some inferior things, never quite your envisioning?"
   "The showpiece, with vile insides?"