Max inches towards three blocks of stone,
accompanied by an array of chisels.
His gaze intensifies at the marble curiously, longing for
something hidden, locked away.
A glimmer previously dormant ignites in him.

Max's imagination fills with exotic new ideas
as he acquainted himself with the basics.
It scratched an itch previously unknown,
daydreaming even outside of the workshop.
His single flame glares in bliss.

Which shapes and patterns beg to be sculpted?
Wondrous minutes went by, with Max daydreaming
fantastical possibilities.
He could fully picture it: A symbolic piece with
endless complex details.
... No.
Only when he'd sharpened his skills will he
dare create something real.
His flame flickers for a moment.

Surely by now he must be ready.
To do something real-- important.
Max recalled the sculptures he had once loved;
They swirled around his head in a moment of inspiration.
Too, his mind spun with other hypnotic notions that
would surely never come to pass--
Though, he'd never tell anyone
what he thought to be foolish fantasies.
In reverie, he returned to the here and now.
His expectations surely tempered, he picked up his chisel.

At the end he should be proud, but how could he?
Max turned away pointedly, his chisel clattering
to the hardwood floor in contempt.
His eyes flinched in an instinctual repulsion,
understanding what he had done.
He'd never thought that something like this would have
affected him so deeply-- but it did.
It's a sudden jolt back to reality- to the detached
and dispassionate.
He thought, with compromise after compromise,
this "thing" is all he could have settled for?
A bastardized fraction of what it could have been-- no,
SHOULD have been?
Max, in a fit of rage, clasps the single flower in hands
and smashes it to the floor, chucking shards of marble
and quartz across his workshop.
"I'll never make this mistake again," he declared.

A thought captures him once again,
condensing wildly into many ideas,
but this time, he's ready.
A glittering white radiates from Max's imagination,
outlining an object with layers of diamond and ice.
The prize taunts him, aching for him to reveal it.
Max says,
"I can do this."
"I know I can do this."
"I have to."

#define NARRATION_LEVEL_11 
Max collapses into his chair, debilitated,
the floorboards creaking in response.
Little emotion seemed to shine through his demeanor,
as he carefully places his finished piece next the others.
With his seemingly perfected craftsmanship,
without a moment's rest, nor hesitation,
he continues on.
He'd sculpt an intricate, sophisticated piece, yes.
In fact, very similar to some of his favorites.
His new expertise should clean this one nicely;
he's earned a break.

Fixed in place, Max stares out his window.
He watches as the people go by.
Life goes on, but he is simply not there.
With the true depth of his work in sight,
he realizes he can't do what they did;
yearning to masquerade around as some auteur.
Maybe that's not such a bad thing.
...
Let's move to Alaska.
We'd sculpt the little birds and trees.
And it'd feel good.
