https://static.vecteezy.com/system/resources/previews/000/389/125/original/vector-brown-marble-texture-background-design.jpg
https://artdecocollection.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/SCREEN-SHOT-2019-10-18-AT-8.28.21-AM.jpeg

Major Milestones:

x Tutorialization
? Fix levels & gameplay according to playtesting
- Sound effects & Music
x Narrator
x Ending (Fall & Credits)

Something that was part of my original plan but that didn't come to fruition is the idea
of having levels where you started with an intention and the end product had to be
different from your initial idea, like it somehow became infeasible to create the idea,
so you had to change the goalposts.

If we were creating this level, how would we do it?

"Most times things don't end up how you'd like it.
 You don't need to be a perfectionist."

You have to ignore the overlay to even complete the level. This is an endgame concept,
and the concept is paid off when, in the final level, you literally can't complete it.
So, you must either leave it unfinished, or do a miniature version *which is shittier
since you don't have the overlay to guide you.* <- Use that last part in the story.

==========

Possibilities:
	- Dialogue scenes
	- Solely images
	- 3rd person prose.

Narrative - Dialogue scenes in a short story over the period of the levels,
			all pertaining to different themes each level.
		  - At the end, it builds to a climax with the themes in the story being
			the same as the game.

For the narrative parts, I'd like dialogue elements that are allegories to themes.
The story itself doesn't have to relate to sculptures at all. My fear is that it
will clash when you first start up the game; they're talking about something else,
making you think the game is about what they're talking about and not sculpting.
So, the first dialogue scene will be relatively short, and afterwards, add a
screen that goes something like "Use mouse to chisel stone. When you believe you're
finished, press F."

In the narrative, make references to objects that are the shapes of the levels
you're going to do next. Work backwards from the level shapes. Don't do it every
time because it'll seem weird.

1. The start-off. The pureset possible form of creation.
   No ego, just pure learning. Show the passion and excitement
   of knowing the possibilities.

2. Show the wonder of daydreaming about creation. Your imagination
   creates the most wonderful, sprawling sculptures.

3. You start to realize how complex these things can be to make.
   Even relatively simple things. A simple outline may take
   lots of preparation unseen.

4. At this point, you aim too high. Your intentions are too
   ambitious and it is literally impossible to gain the material
   required to create that. You "learn" a lesson that sometimes
   you need to temper your ambitions. The creations you daydream
   may not be possible to make at your skill level. This stings
   a lot, but you think to yourself to never do this again.
   What you did was delude yourself into thinking it was possible
   to create it.

5. Though your creations continue to not totally be what you intended,
   you gain slight ego and pride in your work. Not in a boastful 
   way, but a kind of "I can do pretty decently" to creations that
   are above your level in terms of pure development.

6. You become jealous of others' creations. They're so simple.
   So small, so insignificant. And they're more popular than yours?
   But you've spent so much more time on yours. Sure, theirs' is
   like a very polished little nugget, but yours would be like
   a huge chunk of gold! If you finish them as intended.

7. You create the bird and the showpiece, which boost your
   ego a lot. The daydreaming is stil very fun, and you
   get a great idea after you convinced yourself the
   bird and showpiece are apt stepping stones. The showpiece
   really was something impressive, though.

8. You devise a final glass sculpture. It doesn't seem too bad
   actually! It's not like it's made of diamond or anything-
   You've made glass all the time before. You believe you've
   tempered your intentions. But... you can't even get a tenth
   of the way through when you've ran out. The startling realization.
   You've done it again. You set your ambitions too high and
   deluded yourself into thinking what you are doing is possible.
   Now, you're left sulking in the dirt. Your sculpture is nothing
   else but paper-thin trash. Your ego is gone.

9. "Alaska" - End on a hopeful note in the story. Something about
   enjoying the comforting peace of a small creation. Nothing major.
   Nothing sprawling. A good sculpture doesn't have to be sprawling.
   But it takes a lot more than meets the eye.

Representations:

1-3. My first ever games
4. Moonspark
5. Mega Tile
7. Bird & Showpiece = Mavien
8. GUNBLADE.
